# Cloudblue Connect Mulesoft Extension

## Overview
CloudBlue Connect is a supply automation platform that between others manages products, services, contracts, ordering and fulfillment, usage and subscription.
It supports any product, from physical goods to cloud products, as well as any channel, including your direct and indirect sales channels and internal procurement.
Vendors can leverage CloudBlue Connect to:
-   Reduce the total cost of ownership for homegrown technology supporting their indirect channel
-   Standardize integrations with partners
-   Increase efficiencies and minimize redundancies by bridging their direct and indirect sales channels

Distributors can use CloudBlue Connect to:
-   Define, manage and distribute any type of product (omni-product) through any channel (omni-channel)
-   Transform perpetual licensed products into a subscription model
-   Onboard new products into their portfolio quickly to build and deliver unique solutions to end customers

Mulesoft Extension for Cloudblue Connect enables you to create apps that react to Cloudblue Connect events such as adding, changing, or deleting objects like purchase requests, assets, accounts.

It allows an easy and fast integration with the CloudBlue Connect Platform. Thanks to it you can automate the fulfillment of orders generated by your products.

Cloudblue Connect Mulesoft Extension exposes methods for accessing Cloudblue Connect and uses the public API defined at [Cloudblue Connect OpenAPI Specification](https://connect.cloudblue.com/community/api/openapi/).


This extension has all of the functionallity exposed in the API definition, and provides you with all access to the functionality of the Connect Platform.

## Prerequisites
To use this connector, you must be familiar with:

-   The Cloudblue Connect operation    
-   Anypoint Studio    
-   Mule runtime engine (Mule)   
-   Elements and global elements in a Mule flow    
-   Creating a Mule app using Anypoint Studio (Studio)

## Getting Started

In this repository you will find the code of the Cloudblue Connect Mulesoft Extension. To include and use in your Mulesoft Applications use the Maven Central Repository version.
Once clonning the repo, depending of the scenario, the instalation is different. 

### Install Connector to use in Anypoint Studio
Anypoint Studio Allows to build, test and deploy Mulesoft Apps in the Mulesoft Cloud Platform or in on-prem platform. 
The documentation to deploy the connector in Anypoint studio is available [here](https://connect.cloudblue.com/community/extensions/mulesoft/cloudblue-connect-mulesoft-extension/install-connector-to-use-in-anypoint-studio/).

### Install Connector to use in Design Center
Once you deploy the connector in Anypoint Exchange Platform, you can share, download or use in the Design Center Platform.
The documentation to deploy the connector in Anypoint Exchange Platform is available [here](https://connect.cloudblue.com/community/extensions/mulesoft/cloudblue-connect-mulesoft-extension/install-connector-to-use-in-design-center/).

## Build an Mulesoft app using Cloudblue Connect Mulesoft Extension
In Mulesoft ecosistem, an integration between two or more platforms is called Application or App.
It's possible to build an App in both platforms using the cloudblue extension. 

### App lifecycle in Anypoint Studio
The documentation of the lifecycle in Anypoint Exchange Platform is available [here](https://connect.cloudblue.com/community/extensions/mulesoft/cloudblue-connect-mulesoft-extension/app-lifecycle-in-anypoint-studio/).

### App lifecycle in Exchange platform
The documentation of the lifecycle in Anypoint Design Center is available [here](https://connect.cloudblue.com/community/extensions/mulesoft/cloudblue-connect-mulesoft-extension/app-lifecycle-in-exchange-platform/).

## Description of the Functionality
In this Integration you will find more than 70 functionalities to build the app between Cloudblue Connect and 3rd party platorms. 
The description of the funcions are available [here](https://connect.cloudblue.com/community/extensions/mulesoft/cloudblue-connect-mulesoft-extension/operations-details/). 

## Contribute
If you want to contribute to the Cloudblue Connect Mulesoft Extension development feel free to open issues or fork the github repository and submit your pull request.

## License
The Cloudblue Connect Mulesoft Extension is licensed under the Apache License 2.0.